add (init) --dev documentation (#4023)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy.md

    dapr dashboard -k -n <your-namespace>
    ```

 #### Install Dapr from the offical Dapr Helm chart (with development flag)

> Adding the `--dev` flag initializes Dapr on the Kubernetes cluster on your current context with the addition of Redis and Zipkin deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding the `--dev` flag initializes Dapr on the Kubernetes cluster on your current context, with the addition of Redis and Zipkin deployments.
```

> The steps are similar to the above, save for the inclusion of the `--dev` flag being appended to the init command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps are similar to [installing from the Dapr Helm chart](#install-dapr-from-an-official-dapr-helm-chart), except for appending the `--dev` flag to the `init` command:
```

> The steps are similar to the above, save for the inclusion of the `--dev` flag being appended to the init command like so:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The steps are similar to the above, save for the inclusion of the `--dev` flag being appended to the init command:
```

 ```bash
 dapr init -k --dev
 ```

> The expected output will be:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expected output:
```

```bash
⌛  Making the jump to hyperspace...
ℹ️  Note: To install Dapr using Helm, see here: https://docs.dapr.io/getting-started/install-dapr-kubernetes/#install-with-helm-advanced

ℹ️  Container images will be pulled from Docker Hub
✅  Deploying the Dapr control plane with latest version to your cluster...
✅  Deploying the Dapr dashboard with latest version to your cluster...
✅  Deploying the Dapr Redis with latest version to your cluster...
✅  Deploying the Dapr Zipkin with latest version to your cluster...
ℹ️  Applying "statestore" component to Kubernetes "default" namespace.
ℹ️  Applying "pubsub" component to Kubernetes "default" namespace.
ℹ️  Applying "appconfig" zipkin configuration to Kubernetes "default" namespace.
✅  Success! Dapr has been installed to namespace dapr-system. To verify, run `dapr status -k' in your terminal. To get started, go here: https://aka.ms/dapr-getting-started
 ```

> After a short period of time (or using the `--wait` flag and specifying an amount of time to wait) you can check that the Redis and Zipkin components have been deployed to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a short period of time (or using the `--wait` flag and specifying an amount of time to wait), you can check that the Redis and Zipkin components have been deployed to the cluster.
```

> After a short period of time (or using the `--wait` flag and specifying an amount of time to wait) you should be able to check that the Redis and Zipkin components have been stood up correctly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After a short period of time (or using the `--wait` flag and specifying an amount of time to wait) you can check that the Redis and Zipkin components have been deployed to the cluster.
```

```bash
kubectl get pods --namespace default
```

> Expected Output:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Expected output:
```
